feat: add documentation for emit warning in mutate and validate (#1397)
kyverno/website: content/en/docs/writing-policies/validate.md

The field `spec.validationFailureAction` is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Instead, use `spec.rules[*].validate[*].failureAction`.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}

> When `spec.rules[*].validate[*].failureAction` is set to `Audit`, set `spec.emitWarning` to `true` to show audit policy violation in Admission Response warning and kubectl output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `spec.rules[*].validate[*].failureAction` is set to `Audit`, set `spec.emitWarning` to `true` to show audit policy violation in admission response warnings.
```
